# Filtering

The Katana API allows you to filter records by passing along query parameters. You can
find relevant filters inside the documentation by checking under each method that lists
the objects of a resource. Below are some of the filters currently allowed by default to
all endpoints within the provided collections (besides /inventory and /batch_stocks).
Key Description ids An array of object IDs. limit See Pagination . page See Pagination .
created_at_min Return results created after this date. Format example:
2021-04-14T10:39:40.054Z. created_at_max Return results created before this date. Format
example: 2021-04-14T10:39:40.054Z. updated_at_min Return results updated after this
date. Format example: 2021-04-14T10:39:40.054Z. updated_at_max Return results updated
before this date. Format example: 2021-04-14T10:39:40.054Z. include_deleted Set to false
by default. If set to true, soft-deleted records are included in the resultset. Some
resources don't support access to deleted data. For more information, see the
corresponding documentation for the endpoint. extend An array of linked objects. When
specified, the linked object will be included in the response payload. Date filters use
ISO 8601 format and come in pairs that accept both \_min and \_max parameters. Example
cURL

# This example returns all products that you can buy in.

curl --request GET \
--url https://api.katanamrp.com/v1/products?is_purchasable=true \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' --header 'Authorization:Bearer <API key>' ðŸš§ If
an invalid parameter is added to the filter, it won't be applied to the results. Always
double-check and make sure you've used the syntax correctly! ðŸš§ If no results match a
filter, an empty array will be returned.
